==============================================================
Guild: Komodo
Channel: Archive -1 / intern-meeting20
==============================================================

[07-Sep-20 08:12 AM] Audo#5667
Slyris on #ðŸ¤â”‚dex-desktop :

> As promised, a little surprise concerning the progress of the week: Redesign of the wallet page to switch to an asynchronous model. Asynchronous rewards claiming and unlimited transaction history with scrolling that fetch as you go.
> 
> The send button also becomes asynchronous, next step are notifications when your balance changes (incoming / outgoing coins).

See the video: https://discordapp.com/channels/412898016371015680/705374203972419616/751895085615939594

â˜ï¸ here's content for a potential Social media blast & campaign. Also if you guys are up for it we can edit the video to include some light music. 

@deleted-role let me know if you or some of you would like to take this task. If not, our marketing team will tweet about it this week.

{Reactions}
ðŸ‘€ 

[07-Sep-20 08:12 AM] Audo#5667
and btw, it's meeting time! I'll be afk 3 min.


[07-Sep-20 08:40 AM] Audo#5667
@CryptoJesus thinking of Twitter content ideas that:
 - Promote AtomicDEX
 - Get community involvement (ask community what they would like to see)

Further Ideas & directions:
 - AtomicDEX infographic contest (launched on Twitter)
 - Weekly updates series on SM (provide regular dev updates on SM)

@CryptoJesus's goal is to get the first Twitter content ready for review by Tuesday.

{Reactions}
ðŸ‘ 

[07-Sep-20 08:47 AM] Audo#5667

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752544736136527903/752555547148156938/unknown.png

{Reactions}
ðŸ‰ 

[07-Sep-20 08:47 AM] Audo#5667

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752544736136527903/752555662638317668/unknown.png

{Reactions}
ðŸ‰ 

[07-Sep-20 08:48 AM] Audo#5667
â˜ï¸ those are our current banner templates we can use.


[07-Sep-20 08:56 AM] Audo#5667
I keep disconnecting. The wifi signal drops off frequently.


[07-Sep-20 08:57 AM] Audo#5667
I'll try something. I'll be back in 5 min for the @deleted-role meeting. I have some ideas to bounce with you @sakata


[07-Sep-20 08:57 AM] sakata#4279
> I'll try something. I'll be back in 5 min for the @deleted-role meeting. I have some ideas to bounce with you @sakata
@Audo no problem


[07-Sep-20 09:25 AM] joe_land1#1088
i think my main concern was mentioed my poly


[07-Sep-20 09:26 AM] joe_land1#1088
making sure that people undestand whats happening


[07-Sep-20 09:26 AM] joe_land1#1088
because saying many differnet things could cause more confusion


[07-Sep-20 09:27 AM] joe_land1#1088
because the resources on komodo should be good to encourage ppl to come in


[07-Sep-20 09:27 AM] joe_land1#1088
if no one understands, itll just be one huge clusterfuck


[07-Sep-20 09:32 AM] joe_land1#1088
yeah, governance can help  a loot


[07-Sep-20 09:32 AM] joe_land1#1088
cuz ppl will discuss n shit


[07-Sep-20 09:32 AM] sakata#4279
we can call it aristotle or something


[07-Sep-20 09:32 AM] sakata#4279
or plato


[07-Sep-20 09:38 AM] joe_land1#1088
@Jcharming u have a server?


[07-Sep-20 09:38 AM] joe_land1#1088
ah ic


[07-Sep-20 09:38 AM] joe_land1#1088
prob good if i should join


[07-Sep-20 09:38 AM] joe_land1#1088
could see how we would play with the bot


[07-Sep-20 09:39 AM] joe_land1#1088
YAG is pretty good


[07-Sep-20 09:39 AM] joe_land1#1088
yeah role reactions pretty ðŸ‘Œ


[07-Sep-20 09:39 AM] joe_land1#1088
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

{Reactions}
ðŸ¥³ (2) 

[07-Sep-20 09:39 AM] joe_land1#1088
we was talkin aboot that


[07-Sep-20 09:40 AM] joe_land1#1088
yep


[07-Sep-20 09:41 AM] joe_land1#1088
perms r a bitch tho


[07-Sep-20 09:41 AM] joe_land1#1088
heads up lol


[07-Sep-20 09:45 AM] joe_land1#1088
@Jcharming do you want me to send u my server structure+ notes later?


[07-Sep-20 09:45 AM] joe_land1#1088
yeah


[07-Sep-20 09:45 AM] joe_land1#1088
not done yet


[07-Sep-20 09:45 AM] joe_land1#1088
and my comments r like


[07-Sep-20 09:45 AM] joe_land1#1088
"shit name, fix, idk"

{Reactions}
PeepoThink 

[07-Sep-20 09:46 AM] joe_land1#1088
so dont judge


[07-Sep-20 09:46 AM] joe_land1#1088
stop making fun of my fetishes


[07-Sep-20 09:46 AM] joe_land1#1088
wait wut


[07-Sep-20 09:47 AM] joe_land1#1088
also, whats happening with the houses/activities


[07-Sep-20 09:47 AM] joe_land1#1088
i was thinking of implementing something, but whats the whole picture>


[07-Sep-20 09:47 AM] joe_land1#1088
?


[07-Sep-20 09:47 AM] Jcharming#2693
I don't know if we know the whole structure yet @sakata  I think is championing this part


[07-Sep-20 09:48 AM] joe_land1#1088
ic


[07-Sep-20 09:48 AM] joe_land1#1088
so ill just put some filler there


[07-Sep-20 09:48 AM] joe_land1#1088
for now


[07-Sep-20 09:48 AM] Jcharming#2693
Who has been talking about starting up community dicsussions over these topics. 

Combination focus group and feedback info


[07-Sep-20 09:49 AM] sakata#4279
all of my thoughts are here https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1q-oN03xoZemQqHyXbpUxt5YbSaIP9wnBG3i26HmuU_8/edit?usp=sharing

{Embed}
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1q-oN03xoZemQqHyXbpUxt5YbSaIP9wnBG3i26HmuU_8/edit?usp=sharing
KMD Community
Community Formation â€œKomodo isnâ€™t just code; itâ€™s a home - a place to belongâ€ An outline for a potential hierarchy & structure for a community within Komodo
https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/ValxgPeEM07vQKRVRhM3vtQH6FOGO_j1G39xb3c2ZhE/https/lh5.googleusercontent.com/fUkks6ETk5OJVbiVflmPcMa4G27Bsa1wjFTqdOVBOM1mmgE8J9Qz19-irID389_QV2jjfyqJxw%3Dw1200-h630-p


[07-Sep-20 09:49 AM] sakata#4279
finished btw


[07-Sep-20 09:49 AM] joe_land1#1088
@sakata spicy


[07-Sep-20 09:49 AM] sakata#4279
> @sakata spicy
@joe_land1 extra chilly mb


[07-Sep-20 09:50 AM] joe_land1#1088
i got 3/4 depending on how you count


[07-Sep-20 09:50 AM] joe_land1#1088
ðŸ‘


[07-Sep-20 09:51 AM] joe_land1#1088
5 is prob the max before it becomes to omuch


[07-Sep-20 09:52 AM] joe_land1#1088
yeah


[07-Sep-20 09:52 AM] joe_land1#1088
information overload


[07-Sep-20 09:52 AM] joe_land1#1088
analysis peralisis

{Reactions}
ðŸ˜‚ 

[07-Sep-20 10:01 AM] joe_land1#1088
bipedal sheep paper


[07-Sep-20 10:01 AM] joe_land1#1088
https://tenor.com/view/puppet-awkward-looking-what-side-eye-gif-15476992

{Embed}
https://tenor.com/view/puppet-awkward-looking-what-side-eye-gif-15476992
https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/J3viMQSpFHuNKg84YkS4-aLiMdQKLgkzF9zbmIsXu0s/https/media.tenor.co/images/bc88d5acef586c537052baefbe146634/tenor.png


[07-Sep-20 10:02 AM] joe_land1#1088
ew


[07-Sep-20 10:02 AM] joe_land1#1088
thats ugly


[07-Sep-20 10:02 AM] joe_land1#1088
wtf


[07-Sep-20 10:02 AM] joe_land1#1088
thats like puke with extra colors


[07-Sep-20 10:03 AM] joe_land1#1088
imo the color is good unity


[07-Sep-20 10:03 AM] joe_land1#1088
maybe make sure that the image is different


[07-Sep-20 10:03 AM] joe_land1#1088
im thinking from a presentation standpoint


[07-Sep-20 10:04 AM] joe_land1#1088
like itll be good to hold the same color for just looking together


[07-Sep-20 10:04 AM] joe_land1#1088
but


[07-Sep-20 10:04 AM] joe_land1#1088
have differnt logo


[07-Sep-20 10:05 AM] joe_land1#1088
just my opinion


[07-Sep-20 10:05 AM] joe_land1#1088
i like the top one


[07-Sep-20 10:05 AM] joe_land1#1088
trhe dark version


[07-Sep-20 10:05 AM] joe_land1#1088
except that 2nd bubble doesnt look good


[07-Sep-20 10:06 AM] joe_land1#1088
imo


[07-Sep-20 10:06 AM] joe_land1#1088
cuts through


[07-Sep-20 10:06 AM] joe_land1#1088
yeee


[07-Sep-20 10:06 AM] joe_land1#1088
easy on the eyes

{Reactions}
AtomicDEX 

[07-Sep-20 10:07 AM] Jcharming#2693
Order for approval of new discord launch process: 

1)  Complete test server creation with reaction roles and stock cat/channels 

2) Complete community discussions in order to correctly name categories and channels in new Komodo discord experience.  
Import these community suggests after vet into the test server for the soft opening. 

3) Submit to Komodo team for review and commentary
3a) If there are change requests then complete then adjust  

4) Submit to @Audo for ultimate approval

5) Begin structuring the how-to process for moving over community to new server.

{Reactions}
ðŸ‘Œ 

[07-Sep-20 10:09 AM] joe_land1#1088
i think imma hop off


[07-Sep-20 10:09 AM] joe_land1#1088
i got homework to do


[07-Sep-20 10:09 AM] joe_land1#1088
lol


[07-Sep-20 10:09 AM] joe_land1#1088
thanks, u2 audo

{Reactions}
ðŸ™ 

[07-Sep-20 10:09 AM] joe_land1#1088
granted its not hw for u


[07-Sep-20 10:09 AM] joe_land1#1088
but a job


[07-Sep-20 10:13 PM] gcharang#6833
> how-to process for moving over community to new server

I don't know *why* we want to move the community to a new server, but I don't think its a good idea. we will lose so much info and important chats that happened here. we shouldn't do it unless it is absolutely necessary imo
@Jcharming


[07-Sep-20 10:58 PM] Jcharming#2693
@gcharang There should be a clarification here to help give context to what you're reading, because I am in complete agreement.   
The notes I leave in this channel for each meeting are personal shorthand notes to help provide a line for what was discussed. 

In this note that you are referencing
> how-to process for moving over community to new server

The 'new' server only means the 'new version', 'new format', or 'new structure' of what the Komodo server will take on.  
These notes are not meant to reference any actual migration as the goal is to keep in-tact all channels and information and not interrupt workflow during with the ideas presented here.  

I agree that moving the community to an actual *new server* is not a good idea.  These notes are only meant to be footnotes referencing the restructure process that is going to be built and presented to @Audo  and the Komodo team.  All communication during meetings is targeted at referencing this.   

To elaborate 5) without context of being present at meeting conversation should read more like this. 

5) Begin generating clear plan of the process for implementation of new channel structure and onboarding process, leading to eventual revamp of Komodo server.  
Be sure that information for this move and revamp clearly shows how it will be implemented with minimal workflow/usage interruption, and without causing the removal of any members of the community during completion.


[07-Sep-20 11:00 PM] Jcharming#2693
@gcharang I hope that helps to clear up what must have originally been a confusing scan of the meeting notes.  @Audo o has more information on what is to come I know, and I actually appreciate the feedback above.  I'm sure if anyone else scans these notes they had a similar concern and set of questions in mind.


[07-Sep-20 11:02 PM] gcharang#6833
> The 'new' server only means the 'new version', 'new format', or 'new structure' of what the Komodo server will take on
yup, got it. thought that was the case but had to make sure ðŸ˜† 

> 5) Begin generating clear plan of the process for implementation of new channel structure and onboarding process, leading to eventual revamp of Komodo server.
thats a great idea

{Reactions}
KMD (2) AtomicDEX (2) ðŸ¦‰ (2) 

[08-Sep-20 01:03 AM] Audo#5667
I want to mention also that we are not looking to delete any existing channels


==============================================================
Exported 87 message(s)
==============================================================
